Wavewin Areva Upgrades List - 05/16/2006

Below is a list of all the addition and changes.

Wavewin Areva C.G - 05/16/2006

1.  System: Fixed a problem with the /print passed parameter.  In previous versions it was required that the contents of
    the window be fully painted on screen before the print occurred. When too many prints were issued close together a range check error
    was generated because the screen information was not fully painted.  We modified the print to work with a virtual graphics handle
    instead of using the window's graphics handle.

2.  File Manager: Corrected a problem with the unzip components used to unzip the .ZAT files. Frederic reported that a message box
    was displayed from the ZipTV components stating that the components were not registered.  We corresponded with ZipTV and have 
    corrected the problem.  The components on Softstuf's development stations were not properly registered.

3.  Data Plotting: Harmonics, added a check to avoid the bar width going under 1.

Wavewin Areva C.F - 04/14/2006

1.  System: Fixed a number of problems and made some changes to the passed parameters:
       a. Changed the /X1 and /Y1 passed parameters to /X and /Y. There was no need for the 1 indicator since we changed /X2 and
          /Y2 to /W and /H.
       b. Fixed a problem with the /Print passed parameters on slower machines. The print function was being called before the
          the paint method for the window.
       c. Corrected a problem with viewing files.
       d. Corrected a problem with the /TopMost passed parameter.

2.  Data Plotting: Added an option in the Harmonics window to change the bar size to show as many harmonics as possible
    in one screen.

3.  Data Plotting: Changed the units for the time bar and Delta X status bar to show time in a readable format. We also added
    a unit and color indicator according to the time displayed.

Wavewin Areva C.E - 03/22/2006

1.  System: Added more resizing for the dialogs to support the Spanish and German languages.

2.  System: Added Frederics suggestions for passed parameters and also fixed a few problems with the new passed parameters.

3.  Data Plotting: Added a fixed dotted light red fault bar, also added an option in the properties dialog to show
    or hide the fault bar.

4.  Data Plotting: Added resizing to the harmonics window to view as much information as needed.


Wavewin Areva C.D - 02/21/2006

1.  System: Added support to view Wavewin Areva in different languages.  First language added was French.  All 
    remaining languages can be added to the SIL and SIB files without further coding in the software.  Also all
    menu items have been added to the SIL and SIB files.  To change the active language select the "Display" option
    under the "Options" menu in the File Manager.  Slect the desired language from the "Languages" drop down list.

2.  File Manager: Moved the last active directory to the Wavewin.ini File.  In previous versions the last active 
    directory was saved to the Template database that has a limit of 80 characters.  The Wavewin.ini eliminates 
    the 80 character limit.

3.  Data Display: For files that have digital channels only made sure that all digital channels are displayed if there
    are no triggered channels in the file.


Wavewin Areva C.A 11/28/2005

1.  File Manager:  Added sorting to the table folder tree.

2.  File Manager:  Always open Wavewin's folder tree to the last active directory.

3.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with the boundary check for Comtrade ASCII digital channels.

4.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with calculating the sampling frequency for Comtrade files that define
    a zero for the sampling frequency.

5.  Data Plotting: Increased the maximum number of harmonics displayed in the harmonics table from 100 to 200.


Wavewin Areva C.7 09/12/2005

1.  Data Plotting: Added a histogram view in the harmonics window. Click the change view button in the upper right corner
    of the window to toggle between the table and the histogram.  The histogram view allows for selecting the column
    of data to show.  Click on the "Select Bar Values" drop down menu to change the values displayed. The "% of 
    Fundamental" is the default view.


Wavewin Areva C.6 - 08/15/2005

1.  Data Plotting: Improved the Harmonics window to display the number of harmonics according to the number of samples
    per cycle for the open file.

2.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem wixth the Comtrade read engine.  The last analog channel's data values were not 
    being read therefore the sample values were defaulted to zero.  The Comtrade engine was modified so that a 
    maximum of 255 analog channels can be displayed in the data plotting window.  The maximum analog channel boundary 
    was not being checked properly and the last analog channel was not being read.


Wavewin Areva C.5 - 08/14/2005

1.  Data Plotting: Added two new columns to the Analog table. DFTMag = Displays the DFT Magnitude calculated between the
    RMS bar (black dotted line) and the data bar (solid data bar).  Crest = Displays the DFTMag column divided by the
    RMS column.

2.  Data Plotting: Added a new field in the harmonics dialog called "Total Harmonic Distortion".  The "Total Harmonic
    Distortion" field displays the ((sqaure root of the summation of the squares of DFT Magnitudes from harmonics 2 to 7)
    divided by square root of 2) and that quantity divided by the DFT Magnitude of the Fundamental.

3.  File Manager:  Fixed a problem with the status bar fields not updating when navigating via the tree.

4.  File Manager:  Modified the table sort engine to always sort the columns in upper case.  The previous sort engine
    was sorting the column data as is.  This was causing a problem when files are named with upper case and lower case.

5.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with reading multiple binary Comtrade files.  The Comtrade binary read multiple files
    was not reading the files in proper sequence.

6.  Data Plotting (SACS):  Fixed a problem with the SACS returning an error when calculating an Envelope using the
    "A" and "E" script commands.

7.  Data Plotting:  A number of requests have been made to change the way the expand and condense time displays
    the waveform signals.  In versions previous to C.3 the expand and condense would display the first sample out of
    the group of samples to condense or expand.  To  better show the peaks we changed that functionality in version C.3
    to pick the hightest value in the group of samples to condense/expand.  This still did not show all the information.
    In this version Wavewin now displays all of the samples in the file.  When the signals are condensed the samples
    are plotted over each other.

8.  Data Plotting:  Added a feature to hop the data bar by one cycle for waveform files and one day for load files.
    This feature is keyboard activated, use the Shift+Ctrl+Right/Left Arrows to move the data bar one cycle/day from
    the previous position.

9.  File Manager:  Added Cut, Copy and Paste to easily move files from one directory to another.  The new Cut, Copy
    and Paste features work in the same fashion as Window's Explorer.  Use the following menu items or short-cut keys
    to activate the added file features: Cut:(Edit Menu: Cut Option, Ctrl+X, Shift+Del), Copy:(Edit Menu: Copy Option,
    Ctrl+C, Ctrl+Ins), Paste:(Edit Menu: Paste Option, Ctrl+V, Shift+Ins).

    Drag and Drop coming soon.

10. File Manager:  Added shortcuts in the file table right click pop-up menu for Cut, Copy and Paste files and for
    the Zip, Email and Refresh features.

11. File Manager (Save As Comtrade):  Fixed a problem with Save As Comtrade for the 1991 and 1999 formats.  The 1991
    format was defining 3 fields (substation,device ID,version #) for the first line in the CFG file. The proper
    format is substation,version #.  Wavewin now puts the substation - Device ID,version#. For the 1999 format the
    last line in the CFG file is the time multiplier for the sample times in the .DAT file.  Wavewin was only adding
    the time multiplier field to the CFG if it was greater than 1.  Now it always adds the time multiplier field.

12. File Manager: Fixed a problem with reading the line frequency from the Comtrade ".CFG" file.  The line
    frequency was always defaulting to 60.

13. File Manager: Fixed a problem with the list of child windows being displayed under the wrong menu item.

14. Data Display:  Added a medium display to the Auto Scale (F6, Atl-D, A) toggle feature.  Auto Scale toggles between
    (Off, On and ++).  ++ plots the signal using the number of maximum pixels allowed for the channel.  The highest value
    is plotted at the maximum position allowed and the smallest value is plotted at the lowest position allowed.  This
    feature was added to clearly show the profile of frequency, Vdc and load data channels.

15. Data Display:  Added a new option in the properties dialog under the Comtrade tab called: "Show Date
    in (US/European/Japan) Format. This new option allows for selecting a fixed date format for the Comtrade
    files.

16. Data Display:  Fixed a problem with the fault time line when calculating if the time is greater then a k.

17. File Manager: Added a Directory Tree for easy navigation.            

18. File Manager (Delete Files): Changed the way the delete files engine works. It will now send files that reside 
    on the computer to the Recycle Bin all others are permanently deleted.     

19. File Manager (Rename Files/Folders): To rename a folder in the tree click on the folder name twice 
    to display the edit box. To rename files select the rename option from the Files menu.

20. File Manager:  Added the ability to email marked files directly from the file table.  
    Click on the email menu button to activate.  All support files are automatically attached to the
    email message.

21. File Manager:  Added the ability to zip marked files directly from the file table.  To activate, open 
    the "File" menu and select "Zip Marked Files" option. All support files are automatically added to the zip file
    upon confirmation.

22. Data Plotting:  Added the ability to email the active event file. All support files 
    are automatically attached to the email message.  To activate, click on the Email menu button.

23. Data Display:  Added "Analog Input" & "External Input" as a non used channel.  Wavewin does not show analog
    and digital channels that contain the following strings:
      UNUSE
      UNDEF
      NOT D
      NOT U
      NOT I
      NOT A
      {
      N/A
      ANALOG INPUT
      ANALOG CHANNEL
      EXTERNAL INPUT
      EVENT CHANNEL
      CHANNEL:
      DIGITAL TRACE #
      SPARE

24. Data Display: Fixed the data display in the Windows XP display mode.  The last digital channel was being 
    overwritten by the window's border.  Also fixed the sizing of the Wavewin main application window to size 
    around the desk top toolbars.


Wavewin Areva B.X - 01/24/2005

1.  Data Plotting: Increased the number of analog channels per window from 128 to 256.

2.  Data Plotting (Load Files):  Added a new column "AvgWin" to the Analog Table located between the traces 
    and the circular chart.  The "AvgWin" column averages all the sample values between the RMS bar (black
    dotted vertical bar) and the data bar (black solid verical bar).

3.  Data Plotting: Added a new option to resize the RMS sliding window (area between the black dotted vertical bar 
    and the black solid bar).  The size of the sliding window can be changed by clicking on the resize sliding
    window menu speed button to bring up a dialog or by selecting a fixed number from the drop down menu list.
    The window in Load files is changed according to hours or days and in transient files according to cycles.
    To bring up the resize dialog from the menu select the "View" menu then select the "Set Sliding Window" option.

4.  System Speed Bar Menu: Added a new "Back" button to go back to the previous window. 

5.  File Manager: Added a new feature to save summary files.  The "Waveform Summaries" submenu option under 
    the "Options" menu has a new item called "Save summaries".  Save Summaries generates a summary file for 
    each marked or selected file and saves it as an ASCII text file to the specified destination path.  The 
    file is named with the filename specified or by using the IEEE PSRC long file naming convention.  The 
    summary file extensions are "*.txt".

6.  Data Plotting: Added 2 new buttons to the phasor/circular chart window (uparrow/dowarrow).  The new up arrow
    and down arrow buttons allow for increasing/decreasing the phasor/circular chart scale independent of the 
    traces. 

7.  Data Plotting: Added 2 new buttons to the trace window (uparrow/dowarrow).  The new up arrow and down arrow 
    buttons allow for increasing/decreasing the trace's amplitude independent of the phasor/circular chart. 

8.  Data Plotting:  Added 2 new buttons to the trace window (left arrows).  The left arrow to the left of the
    scrollbar shifts the sample at the databar (vertical solid black line) to the beginning of the window.  The
    left arrow to the right of the scrollbar shifts the separator bar between the traces and the analog table 
    to the databar.

9.  Data Plotting: Corrected a problem in the "Save As Comtrade" feature when saving the sampling rate information to 
    the ".CFG" File.  The problem was occuring after a displayed file was modified by, Change Frequency, Truncate Cycles, 
    Duplicate Cycles, Append and Merge.  Older versions wrote the original sample rate information to the new 
    Comtrade file.

10. Data Plotting: Added a feature that will not display a phase angle in the analog table or in the phasor diagram
    if the channel is DC or Frequency (Hertz).  

11. Data Plotting:  Added a limit for analog channels (256 analog channels/display) for the Waveform Merge 
    & Append features.  Can not Append/Merge waveforms if the combined exceeds 256 analog channels or exceeds 
    1024 digital channels.

12. Data Plotting:  Fixed a problem with reading load data times from a Comtrade file that specifies the data  
    in seconds.

 
Wavewin Areva B.R - 10/12/2004 

1.  Data Plotting:  Improved the SAC harmonic calculations to include the magnitude and angle.  Previous calculations
    were storing the magnitude value only.

2.  Data Plotting:  Fixed a problem with the DC units in a Comtrade File not showing up in the Analog Table.

3.  Data Plotting:  Took out the display of the phasors in the phasor diagram for analog channels that are not Volts, 
    Amps, Watts and Vars.  Also, now displays "N/A" in the Phasor Analog table column for channels that are not Volts, 
    Amps, Watts and Vars.


Wavewin Areva B.P - 08/21/2004 

1.  Data Plotting:  Upgraded the "Save As Comtrade" engine to handle the older 1991 version and the newer 1999 
    version.

2.  Data Plotting:  Added a new field in the "Properties" dialog to select the Comtrade version for the "Save As
    Comtrade" engine.  The new field is in the "Comtrade" tab and is called "Save Using Comtrade Version:".  Select
    1991 for the older version and 1999 for the newer version.  The default version is the newer 1999 version.


Wavewin Areva B.P - 06/16/2004 

1.  File Manager:  Added a new feature to open multiple waveform files from the file table.  Mark the files 
    desired and select the "Open Marked Files" menu option under the Options/Waveform File(s) menu.  The 
    files will be tiled horizontally and the file manage will be minimized.

2.  File Manager:  Append Waveform Files:  The two features available under the Options/Waveform File(s)/Append 
    menu will append all the marked waveform files in time either by deleting the common times between files 
    (Discard Common Times) or appending all marked files back to back (Back to Back), sorted oldest to latest.  

    The files must be of the same type.

3.  File Manager:  Merge Waveform Files:  The two features avaliable under the Options/Waveform File(s)/Merge 
    menu will merge different types of files into one display.  
      By Time: Merge channel samples if they have a common time segment.  The reference time is from the file 
               with latest start date and time. The file with the least amount of samples determined the length 
               of the new merged file.
      By Sample: Merge regardless of time stamps. The reference time is from the first marked file. And the 
                 file with the least amount of samples determines the length of the file.

    When files with different sampling frequencies are merged a dialog will be displayed.  The dialog contains 
    a list of all the sampling frequencies in the marked files.  Select the frequency for the merged file or 
    enter a new frequency.

    To identify the merged channels the station name for each file is added to the beginning of the analog and 
    digital channel names.  To turn off this feature open the Properties dialog in the data-plotting window.  
    Click on the Append/Merge tab and uncheck the “Add the File’s Station Name to Beginning of the 
    Analog/Digital Channels” field.	

4.  Data Plotting:  Added a new feature Append Open Files. There are two options available under the Append 
    Open Files Menu (same feature as the file manager’s Append):
      Discard Common Times: Any common times found in the open files will be deleted from the oldest file.
      Back to Back: The files are appended back to back.  No samples are deleted.
    
    The files must be of the same type. 

5.  Data Plotting:  Added a new feature Merge Open Waveform Files. There are three options available under the 
    Merge Open Files Menu:
      By Time:   Merge channel samples if they have a common time segment.  The reference time is from the file 
                 with latest start date and time.  The file with the least amount of samples determined the 
                 length of the new merged file.
      Manually:  Use the data bars to highlight where the common sample time is in each window.  Merge manually 
                 will then line up the data bars and adjust the time stamps accordingly. This option is used when 
                 the file times are not synchronized.  The active window determines the time stamp of the new 
                 merged file and the open window with smallest number of samples determines the length of the 
                 new merged file.
      By Sample: Merge regardless of time stamps and/or data bar positions.  The reference time is from the 
                 active window.  And the file with the least amount of samples determines the length of the file.

    When files with different sampling frequencies are merged a dialog will be displayed.  The dialog contains 
    a list of all the sampling frequencies in the opened files.  Select the frequency for the merged file or 
    enter a new frequency.

    Merging Open Files allows for flexibility of what channels are merged.  Merge Open Files will merge either 
    the marked channels only or if there are no marked channels then it will merge the visible channels.

    To identify the merged channels the station name for each file is added to the beginning of the analog and 
    digital channel names.  To turn off this feature open the Properties dialog.    Click on the Append/Merge 
    tab and uncheck the “Add the File’s Station Name to Beginning of the Analog/Digital Channels” field.

6.  Data Plotting:  Added a menu button to gain easy access to the driver’s data type setting.  The data type 
    setting specifies if the samples for the active driver are saved in RMS values or in instantaneous values.

7.  Data Plotting:  Modified setting the sample time stamps in the Comtrade reader.  If the sampling frequency 
    is set in the .CFG file then the time stamp is calculated from the sampling frequency.  If the sampling 
    frequency is 0 then the time stamp is set from the time stamp in the .DAT file.

8.  Data Plotting:  Fixed a problem with displaying the waveform data and analog table when switching between
    open windows.  The system was losing the window handels when a left mouse click was encountered.

9.  File Manager:  Added a new feature in the File Menu called "ComName(s) Rename".  This feature will rename all
    the marked waveform files (file entries displayed in red) using the IEEE long file naming convention (ComNames).  
    The format for the ComName Files are: 
       fault date,fault time,time code,station,device,company,duration,type,latitude,longitude,user field.ext
          
    All files associated with the marked waveform files will be renamed.  
      Comtrade files: the ".CFG", ".INF", ".HDR", ".DAT" and "*.D##" files will be renamed.

10. File Manager:  Added a new feature in the File Menu called "ComName Properties".  There are 4 fields in the
    ComName format that can not be extracted from the waveform files: "Company Name", "Time Code", "Latitude" and 
    "Longitude". The "ComName Properties" allows for entering these fields prior to renaming.

11. File Manager & Data Plotting:  Added a new feature in the "Save As Comtrade" option to use the ComNames long 
    file naming convention for the Comtrade Name.  There is a new check box inside the "Save As Comtrade" dialog
    called:  "Use the ComNames Naming Convention to Name the Comtrade File(s)".  
    If checked the system will automatically assign a ComName filename to all Comtade files saved.  If unchecked
    then the files will be named using the name entered into the "File Name" field.


Wavewin Avera B.L - 04/01/2004

1.  Data Plotting:  Added support to read Comtrade files that are distributed into multiple data files.

2.  Data Plotting:  Fixed a problem with displaying SAC values when operating with RMS calibrated data.

3.  File Manager:  Added a new feature to Append like waveform files in time.  A new sub menu
    has been added to the "Options" menu called "Waveform File(s)".  Use the "Open Selected Waveform 
    File" option to display the traces in the selected file.  Use the "Append Marked Waveform Files"
    option to append like waveform files in time.  The marked file's analog and digital channels must match.

4.  File Manager:  Added a new feature to set up certain parameters for the append feature. Select the 
    "Waveform Properties" option under the "Waveform File(s)" menu option. To throw out samples with common times
    check the "Discard Common Times" option.  Next, select what file will have the times discarded from:
    the new file being created or the files being appended.

5.  Data Plotting:  Added a new setting to set the Opening frequency for each supported driver.  
    To setup this parameter open the desired waveform file, next select the "Change Frequency" option from
    the "Data" menu and check the "Always Open" box.  The frequency entered into the New Frequency" field
    will be the frequency displayed for all the files for the active driver.

6.  Data Plotting:  Added a new feature to Show/Hide the event separator bars for multiple event files. The
    new field is in the "Properties" dialog under the "Display Settings" tab.

7.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with displaying leading zeros for the fault time in the Waveform 
    Summary window.

8.  Data Plotting:  Added a new feature to the data plotting's "Data" menu to Truncate cycles.  
    Truncate can be applied to remove cycles from the beginning of the data, the end of the data 
    and from the middle of the data.

9.  Data Plotting:  Added a new feature to the data plotting's "Data" menu to Duplicate the cycle 
    of data between the RMS bar and the data bar.  A dialog box allows for specifing the number of 
    cycles to add.

10. Data Plotting: Added two new features to the data plotting's "Data" menu to change and restore the 
    sampling frequency.     
	
        a.) Change sampling frequency: This feature allows for changing the sampling frequency of the 
            displayed record.  If Sync mode is active then Change Sampling Frequency will change all open 
            windows to the entered frequency.
	b.) Restore Original Data:  This feature is active only after the sampling frequency is changed.  
            It allows for restoring the original raw data of the displayed record.  If Sync mode is active 
            then Restore Original will restore all the open windows to their original raw data.

11. Data Plotting: Added 3 new options to the "Values" menu.

	a.) Mark Raw Samples - Draws a small circle at all the original raw samples.
	b.) Mark Peak Values - Draws a small square at all the peaks.
	c.) Mark Change in Sign Values - Draw a small triangle at all samples where a change in sign occurs.

12. Data Plotting: Modified the Channel Information, Summary and Raw Data menu buttons to indicate an ASCII 
    display with the corresponding character signifying the type of data.

13. Data Plotting: Added a new menu button to open new files or to open one of the last 14 files opened.

14. Data Plotting: The data plotting window's menu has been arranged to be more windows compliant.
    A large number of requests from Wavewin users asked to improve the menu. 
    Below are the additions:
	- Added a new "File" menu.  The "File" menu handles all commands directly related to the waveform file.
        - Added a new "Open" command under the "File" menu to open new waveform files.
        - The "Data" menu handles all commands relating to the data such as: Expand & Contract Time, Increase 
          & Decrease amplitude, auto scale...
        - Added a new "Channel" menu.  The "Channel" menu handles all commands directly related to the 
          Analog and Digital channels.

15. Data Plotting: The "Display" dialog used for setting up the properties of the window has been moved to the 
    new "File" menu and is now called "Properties".

16. Data Plotting: The "Displayed Device's Data Type" field in the "Properties" dialog (formally the "Display" dialog)
    has been moved from the "General" tab to the "Display Settings" tab.

17. File Manager: Improved the speed of read engine for the File manager. Enhanced the way 
    the memory is allocated when reading the file allocation table.  


Wavewin Areva B.F - 01/19/2004

1.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem reading the sampling frequency in the Comtrade driver.  
    The driver was defaulting the sampling frequency to 0 if it was >32768 or <32768. Took
    out the limit and open ended the sampling frequency value.

2.  Data Plotting: Added a new feature to save RMS Calibrated data as Peak data for the 
    Save As Comtarde option. This feature is optional. Change the "Convert RMS Calibrated 
    Data" field in the "General" tab of the "Display dialog" to "Yes" to activate.

3.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with the "Software Analog Channel" menu disappearing.

4.  Data Plotting: Took out the gray background for the digital channels in the print outs.


Wavewin Areva B.A - 10/14/2003

1.  Data Plotting: Allowed for Comtrade Files to be displayed if the digital channels have 
    no original states set.

2.  Data Plotting: Added two new buttons in the phasor/circular chart window title: 
    "P" to display the phasors at the data bar and "C" to display the circular chart.

3.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem reading Comtrade CFG files that use a line feed only as 
    an end-of-line marker.

4.  Data Plotting: Added support to display Comtrade files that have digital channels only.

5.  Data Plotting: Modified the equation for the fault time bar to have more resolution.


Wavewin Areva B.9 - 09/04/2003

1.  Data Plotting: Took out multipling the sample values by -1 in the ABB TPU Cap files.


Wavewin Areva B.7 - 08/03/2003

1.  Data Plotting: Improved the error checking on Comtrade files.   

2.  Data Plotting: Increased maximum zoom factor for auto-scale mode from 99999 to 999999999 to allow 
    for further magnification. 

3.  Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with the auto scale feature for Log files.

4.  Data Plotting (Save Displayed Values): Added a new extension "*.mac" for the Save Displayed Values Feature.

5.  Data Plotting (Save Displayed Values): Allowed for the Display Save Values File and Format File Window to 
    be independent of the data plotting window.  Does not close the Save Values File and Format File Window
    when closing the data plotting window.

6.  Data Plotting: Enhanced the Fault time bar locator to look for the closes match defined by the selected format.
    Prior versions looked for an exact match.
  
7.  Data Plotting: Enhanced the Sync Time feature to look for the closes match.  Previous versions looked for
    an exact match.

8.  Data Plotting: Corrected the Sampling Frequency for Comtrade Files that specify a time scale multiplier.

9.  Data Plotting: Enhanced the Sync Manual Mouse Click to displace the mouse according to time difference.  
    Previous versions displaced according to click position.

10. Data Plotting: Corrected the Fault Time displayed in the Waveform Summary Window.

11. Data Plotting: Added a Prompt to ask to overwrite existing Comtrade files for the Save As Comtrade feature.

12. Data Plotting: Corrected the Save As Comtrade feature to save only the digital channels that are visible.
    Previous versions were saving the digital channels when the digital section was hidden using the drag mouse.
  

Wavewin Areva B.6

1. Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with the scale factors for the print engine.


Wavewin Areva B.5

1. Data Plotting: Advanced the Save Display Values option.  Added user defined Templates.
   Refer to the Data Plotting help window "Save Displayed Values" section for more information.

2. Data Plotting: Added and new menu option "Values".  Allows for saving Values displayed
   in the Analog Table to a text file (Mark & Save) in the default format or in the format 
   defined in the selected Template file.  Provides "Open", "New" and "Clear" features for
   the active Values file and provides "New" and "Open" features for the Template Files. 
   Refer to the Data Plotting help window "Save Displayed Values" section for more information.	

3. Data Plotting: Added the Horizontal Bars to the print engine.

4. Data Plotting: Fixed a time scale problem with Comtrade files that specify a time scale multiplier.


Wavewin Areva B.4

1. Data Plotting: New time based display.  New field "Trace Display Type" added to the "Display" 
   dialog under the "General" tab. Allows for toggling between a sample base display and the time 
   based display.

2. Data Plotting: New Fault reference time bar.  Shows the time difference from the fault time.
   
3. Data Plotting: New Close button for the Phasor/Circular Chart window.

4. Data Plotting: New Close button for the Channel Information Table.   


Wavewin Areva B.3

1. File Manager: Fixed a problem with the SOE table when displaying files with SACs defined.

2. Data Plotting: Fixed a problem with scaling the harmonic values in the Harmonics window.


Wavewin Areva B.2

1. Data Plotting: Allowed for the Constants in the SACs to be real values.

2. Data Plotting: Changed the way the digital bits are displayed: a value of 1 = thick green line, 
   a values of 0 = thin black line.  The A and N status next to the digital titles stay 
   the same. They are set according to the bit compared to the original state, 
   A = different then original state, N = same as original state.

3. Data Plotting: Added in the SAC window divide and multpliy operators:
       division = ':'
       multiplication = '*'  
       
    example: +1/*2/        - multiply channel 1 to channel 2
             +1/+2/+3/*^12 - multiply the addition of channel 1,2 and 3 to a constant of 12
             +1/:2/        - divide channel 1 by channel 2
             +1/+2/+3/:^12 - divide the addition of channel 1,2 and 3 by a constant of 12

4. Data Plotting: Added in the SAC window the ability to use a constant value for the "+", "-",":" and "*" operators. 
    
    example: -12/*^15     - reverse channel 12 and multiply with a constant of 15
             +2/+3/+4/*^5 - added channel 2,3 and 4 and multiply with a constant of 5
             +2/+3/+4/:^5 - added channel 2,3 and 4 and divide by a constant of 5

5. Data Plotting: Added phase shifts to the SAC operators mainly for + and - sequence components:
    
    example: +1/+2@120/+3@240/:^3/  - (+)Seq
             +1/+2@240/+3@120/:^3/  - (-)Seq
             +1/+2/+3/:^3/          - (0)Seq
